Link zlib and libpng statically by default (#1974)
gbdev/rgbds: CMakeLists.txt

option(SANITIZERS "Build with sanitizers enabled" OFF)
cmake_dependent_option(MORE_WARNINGS "Turn on more warnings" OFF "NOT MSVC" OFF)

if(NOT DEFINED CMAKE_MSVC_RUNTIME_LIBRARY) # Allow this to be overridden from the CLI easily.
  # We link against the Microsoft C++ runtime libs statically, except the debug-mode one.
  # This is because Microsoft's license terms (through some indirection) allow us to redistribute
  # the runtime lib code *except* the debug-mode libs'.
  # Since we want to remain able to not think too hard about debug executables, we link against
  # the debug libs dynamically, shifting the burden of obtaining them onto the recipient.

>   set(CMAKE_MSVC_RUNTIME_LIBRARY "MultiThreaded$<$<CONFIG:Debug>:DebugDLL>")

Reviewer: Nice, I've statically linked my FLTK GUI programs with `MultiThreaded` and `MultiThreadedDebug` and it's worked fine for years.

(Given that we don't *distribute* debug builds in the first place, would it be fine to enable `MultiThreadedDebug` too?)

Author: Yes, it *works* fine, but it's a violation of the license. We occasionally do distribute debug executables in public venues, mostly for debugging help, and I don't want to start having to think too hard about that.

Conversely to your example, we've been linking dynamically (CMake's default) for years, and it's worked fine also, so let's pick the option that results in the fewest headaches.

include(FetchContent)
include(cmake/deps.cmake)

# Make sure to make zlib available before libpng,

> # otherwise the latter will attempt to `find_package` the former without going through `FetchContent`!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Be sure to make zlib available before libpng, otherwise libpng
# will attempt to `find_package(ZLIB)` without going through `FetchContent`.
```
